hey guys welcome to town and country
forward of Birmingham Alabama today we
have the 2012 Ford Raptor very very
impressive vehicle here it's got the v8
6.2 liter engine and I want to give you
a quick walk around the vehicle I'm no
expert by any means on it but I want to
show you the features and stuff it comes
with because it's for sale right here at
telling country ford you can see is a
super crew cab seating for five inside
there it's got the Raptor graphic
package there which you really don't see
that too often and of course it just
makes the stands out more unless people
know what you got there but you can see
there's your bed length there this one
is the I guess they call it the oxford
white that is what they caught because
officer white with black interior the
special edition of course here's all the
equipment it comes with the just had the
Raptor luxury package and all the other
stuff there but let's check it out
anyway back here we of course we've got
the 18 wheels new for 2012 got the BF
goodrich tires all terrain tires and
they are LT three fifteen seventy or 17
also you can see we do not refill our
tires right here at Town & Country Ford
which what that does is maintains the
tire pressure keeps it right where you
need it and by doing that you get better
gas mileage and also longer tile off
because it's not a regular wearing your
tires which you can see the Raptors come
equipped with fox racing shox that's how
as my sits up a little bit higher thing
that sets up two inches higher than the
regular f-150 it's also seven inches
wider as well got you wrapped your logo
back here got the tone package and
towing hooks as well you will notice as
the back up camera locking tailgate and
inside here we do have the tailgate step
and the bed extender very nice features
there you will notice the sliding rear
window
in just a very sharp looking truck one
of a kind that's for sure there's
nothing to come compete with it really
up front we do have the heat extractors
on the hood adds the style and also
protects that engine helps it keep it
healthy and see the the tow hooks up
front and also it does come to the skid
plate right there so there's your
outside view let's go ahead and show you
the interior now but on the key here you
got the remote locks and remote start
it's going to crank the vehicle get it
warmed up for you and also cooled off
inside it's hot in the winter I mean if
it's hot in summer we'll turn the AC on
for you or the heat in the winter
whichever one but you can see you got
the black leather interior like I said
it's sort of a special edition because
got the rapture and brought it up front
and you can see the nice design they're
very comfortable seating and look at
this leg room for your passengers you
can see a whole lot of space back here
for them got the vents blown out and
also the AC and DC plug form back here
as well this one is coming with the
rubber mats to help protect the carpet
down there so it'll be a nice feature up
front we got the keyless entry keypad
let me talk about this a rhomboid rope
we can see it's slotted which it's not
going to mess you up when you're trying
to step out but it's actually going to
make the mud and the water vent down so
that for they're going be caked up on
there for you power windows locks and
mirrors also had the power folding rear
often very nice there six way power seat
with memory seats and as I mentioned
Raptor and bored into the leather very
nice design there you can see just how
comfortable the seating is
very premium material there as we come
inside here you just simply put the key
in there because you can see the AC is
blowing even though the vehicle is not
on or it is actually owned but
electronics and I'll just turn it to the
on position you see the AC turned off
because it was never really owned and
then here you go here's our gauge you
can see you got a nice setup here get a
lot of information on there got the fuel
economy trip a bee truck apps got the
off-road mode you got the traction
control hill descent mode got all that
here's your pitch and roll very nice
features because of what this truck is
made to do a man's made to climb Hills
made to do all that kind of stuff and
that's information there will be very
handy for you got the gauge mode got all
your stuff there but anyway I want to go
ahead and just show you this other stuff
here you got horses forward drive that's
self-explanatory mean too high for on
for low and you can actually pull it out
up to 100 miles per hour you'll have
your rear differential locked we're both
tires will be spinning and you'll get
that much more traction very nice there
I want to show you the radio controls
now I got sirius satellite radio CD
player auxiliary input and microsoft
sync with the USB and line import their
stereo controls on the steering wheel
voice control there and cruise control
over here trailer braking system does
come equipped with that and there's all
your climate controls got the dual
driver and passenger temperature and
also heated and cooled seats very nice
feature there for the winter you got the
heated seats together the hot summers
you got the cooled off seats just best
of both worlds really here's a neat
feature here yet this is a special for a
raptor it's got the raptor svt right
there and you can see it's little gauge
or the switch cluster here it's got the
auxiliary switches there you can run up
you some lots you can run up whatever
you want to do and you already got two
switches ran not to drill to the dash
for anything hill descent mode and
off-road mode all right there for you so
there is your interior but there's a few
more features up top we got the
universal garage door opener the sunroof
controls in the slider window control so
there's your sunroof I'm sure you'll
love that
very nice thing to have in a truck also
can't forget to mention this it does
have the sony sound premium sound 700
what sub-woofer back there and so many
speakers all the way around so you can
say this truck is very nice got a lot of
nice features inside there and also
microsoft st. does come with a
turn-by-turn voice navigation so you're
not missing out on navigation either
and here it is very impressive 6.2 liter
v8 430 40 feet of torque
very very impressive and
you can see is a beast of an engine
beast of a truck really and also for
2012 you have the front tours in
differentials that's going to help you
get even more traction and you can see
this thing keeps getting better and
better it's a very sharp 2012 ford
raptor 6.2 liter v8 very very nice
vehicle available right here at Town &
Country Ford of course is very limited
in quantity and we got a few in stock
right now check us out on the web
alabama ford calm we can give us call it
to a549 10000 thanks and have a great
day